--- Page 1 ---
OFFICIAL GAME FAQ V1.2 (January 2026)
GENERAL QUESTIONS Q: Does “on enter” happen on teleport effects? What about the
forced movement?
Damage dealt vs Hunger
A: Yes, both those effects trigger “on enter”.
Q: Most Corruption cards instruct to deal damage and dis-
Q: If I’m already on aspace/terrain with an “on enter” effect,
card Hunger tokens for each damage dealt. If this damage
does it trigger on any of my Actions (similar to picking up
was blocked with the Defense token, do Istill discard Hunger?
Treasure and Lament)?
A: No. The damage blocked by the Defense tokens does not
A: No.
count as dealt. This applies to other effects such as one of
the Actions of Duality’s Assault Armor. Also, if you have for Q: Can “on enter” trigger on itself? E.g. when the River terrain
example 6 Hunger and you have dealt only 3 due to the fact card moves me by 1 space down the river, does another “on
that the attacked Hunter had only 3 Health left, you discard enter” effect happen immediately?
only 3 Hunger. This is because you have dealt only 3 damage A: No.
and not 6. Q: I’m on a Tormentor’s Torture Device tile. I’m forced to
Move 1 towards the closest Torture device. Ido not move be-
Multiple Stun/Curse tokens on asingle Action
cause I’m already on a Torture Device. Do I resolve the “on
Q: Can Iplace multiple Status tokens on asingle Action?
enter” effect?
A: No.
A: No.
Space fully occupied by the Griefbound/Environment
Refreshing the Assist Action
Q: There can be asituation in which all 4 model slots on aspace
Q: What happens if IRefresh the die placed in the Assist slot?
are occupied by the Griefbound and Environment models
Do Itake the Assist marker back from the Player?
(e.g. Convergence’s Tornadoes). Can aHunter enter such aspace?
A: No. The Assist marker remains in that Player’s possession
A: No. This space cannot be entered by any model (even an-
until the Refresh phase. Until then, the Assist marker mimics
other Environment). Teleport effects to such a space cannot
the die placed in your Action slot. In this case, it has nothing
be performed. Models can still move through such space, but
to copy, so the Assist marker is treated as a “faceless” and
cannot end their movement there.
“colorless” die.
“Move X” versus “Move up to X”
Refreshing the Action with itself
Q: Is there adifference between “Move X” and “Move up to X”?
Q: Can an Action Refresh itself? E.g. Hunger Overflow has an
A: For Hunter’s effects – no. A Hunter may always perform
effect “Refresh 1 Action”. In this case, can the Hunger Overflow
a shorter movement if they choose to do so. Unless it is
Refresh itself?
aforced movement (see below).
A: No.
Voluntary vs forced movement
Target vs Enemy
Q: How do I differentiate between “voluntary” and “forced”
Q: Some card effects allow the player to include addition-
movement?
al “targets”. What is the difference between an Enemy and
A: When aHunter performs amovement as their own Action
a“target”?
or an effect coming from a “friendly” source (other Hunter,
A: Target is abroader classification. The game contains enti-
Companion, etc.) it is called avoluntary movement, and it can
ties that are not Enemies, but still can be damaged – e.g. Un-
be shorter than the effect suggests (e.g., instead of Move 3,
dead General’s Banners or Ironclad Safe on one of the Secret
Hunter Moves 1).
cards. While not being Enemies, those Actions can include
When aHunter is moved by an outside “hostile” effect like an
them as “additional targets”.
Enemy, Environment, or Hunger, it is considered a “forced”
movement. It must be resolved to the fullest extent possible. On kill effects and Opportunity cards, order of resolution
Q: If I kill a Griefbound’s Attack card, what happens first –
Enemy movement
the Opportunity or “On akill” effect from my Evolution card?
Q: If an Enemy has to “Move 3” and it is 2 spaces away from
A: Players may decide the order of resolution.
me, does the Enemy resolve a full movement of 3 and moves
past me? Tokens on acard that is being discarded
A: No. The Enemies usually want to get as close to a Hunter Q: I’m instructed to discard acard/return acard to the deck,
as they can so if they have to Move 3 and the closest Hunter is and there are tokens/dice on this card. What happens to those
2 spaces away, the Enemy will only Move 2, disregarding the tokens/dice?
last point of movement. Some effects may change this rule. A: They are also discarded. The tokens return to the common
pool (or their owner if this token was Hunter specific), and
On enter effect
dice are placed in the discarded pool of their owner.
Q: Does the “on enter” effect happen if I cross a space with
such an effect, or only if Iend my movement there?
A: The effect happens only if amodel ENDS its movement on
aspace with “on enter” effect.

--- Page 2 ---
COREBOX HUNTERS/GRIEFBOUND EXPANSIONS HUNTERS/GRIEFBOUND
QUESTIONS QUESTIONS
Death Jester multiple Gambles Clockwork Giant status tokens
Q: How to resolve acard that allows me to “Gamble any num- Q: There are Stun tokens/ Curse tokens/ dice on aGear card,
ber of times”? How does it interact with passive effects “on and Ihave to change Gear. What happens to the tokens?
aSuccessful Gamble”? A: The tokens/dice are discarded.
A: After placing dice on the Action but before resolving it,
you may Gamble any number of times. You may decide to stop
Gambling after each one. On afailed Gamble, all successes are
lost, the Action has no effect, and you cannot Gamble further.
You still resolve any “on afailed Gamble” effects.
After each successful Gamble, you may decide to stop, resolve
the Gamble effect (usually, repeating an Action X times), and
cash out all “on asuccessful Gamble” effects (each such effect is
resolved X times, where X is the number of successful Gambles).
Death Jester Corrupted form “flip the Fate deck”
Q: After the Fate deck is flipped face up, can Ilook through it
or is only the top card visible?
A: Only the top card is visible.
Mannequin String cards
Q: When Iflip an Arm card to the String side after the Bloodless
Husk effect, is this String given to the chosen Hunter or do
Ikeep it?
A: The Mannequin player keeps the card in String form.
Q: If I lose/flip an Arm card due to an effect, how can I re-
gain/flip it back?
A: By any effect that allows for it. Regaining Arms is very rare
– in some form, it is done after reaching a Corrupted Form
(Corruption 15). Flipping the String cards back can be done by
asingle card in the Evolution deck.
Technomancer attachment power-ups
Q: Since the “All Weapon/Armor attachment power-ups are
now active” Action on Technomancer’s Weapon/Armor card
is considered a Weapon/Armor, does it automatically trigger
all attachment bonuses of its kind?
A: No. It allows those bonuses to be activated later by other
Weapon/Armor Actions.

