--- Page 1 ---
ERRATA V1.2 (January 2026)
COREBOX ERRATA Undead General Banner cards
Q: The Huntbook (rules section) and the Undead General stat
Devourer Opportunity cards
cards contradict on when Ishould resolve the Banner effects.
Q: There is no instruction to “Refill the Attack track” on cards
Which is correct?
“Break” and “Exchange”. Should Irefill it or not?
A: The Stat cards are correct. The effects should be resolved at
A: Yes, you should always refill the Attack track after resolv-
the beginning of step V.
ing the Opportunity effect, unless the effect states otherwise.
This will mostly happen on results. Tutorial booklet
Q: On page 2, the visualisation of setting up the Lament Rifts
Swarm Mistress Stage cards
does not match the instructions farther in the booklet. Where
Q: The “Toxic Venom” Curse thresholds overlap. How should
should the Lament Rifts be placed?
Iresolve this effect?
A: Lament Rift 4 should be in the bottom left corner of the Map
A: The thresholds are misprinted. They should be divided as
(next to the Portal) and Lament Rift 2 should be to the right of
follows: 1 Curse, 2-3 Curses, 4 Curses and 5+ Curses.
Lament Rift 4. See image provided.
On Enter effects
Q: The Rulebook and Tutorial booklet seem to contradict on when
to resolve the /“On Enter” effects. When should Iapply them?
A: The Rulebook is correct. They are applied when a model
ENDS their movement on aspace.
Universal Markers on cards – Hunting Owl and Restore 4 2
the Relic
Q: In the Refresh step, all Universal markers from cards should
be removed. Some cards have an instruction not to discard the
markers from them in the Refresh step, but not all. Most nota-
ble examples are the Hunting Owl Companion card or Restore
tthhee rreelliicc SSeeccrreett ccaarrdd,, wwhhiicchh rreennddeerr tthheemm uusseelleessss.. SShhoouulldd tthhoossee Tutorial booklet
cards have “do not discard from this card” instruction?
Q: On page 14, I’m instructed to place an Attack card in the
A: Yes. “Next turn slot” on top of the Opportunity card, but the Op-
Rulebook – Component list for the main box portunity card is in the “This Turn slot”. How do Iproceed?
Q: I have 30 additional cards (Deputy Evolution) in the box A: It’s an error on our part. This part should simply read to
put this card in the “Next Turn slot” without mentioning the
that are not included on the component list. Is that an error?
Opportunity card – as it is not there.
A: Yes, it’s a printing error. The missing 30 Deputy cards
should be in the box – they are used in Solo mode. They should Tutorial booklet
have been included in the “Other Cards” section, changing the
Q: On page 9, there is a Minion model missing on Lament Rift
number from 30 to 60.
3. Is this an error?
Rulebook – Component list for the main box A: It’s an error. There should be a Minion model on Lament
Rift 3.
Q: I’m missing 1 Hunter Evolution card according to the com-
ponent list. Is that an error? Blood Sucker Elite card
A: Yes, the Rulebook has the wrong number printed. There Q: The Activation on the Blood Sucker Elite says to “resolve all”
should be 166 Hunter Evolution cards total. If you have 166 of
instead of the normal “resolve first applicable” like on the other
those cards then everything is fine.
Elite cards. What is the correct version?
Rulebook – Component list for the main box A: It should be “resolve first applicable” like on the other Elite
cards.
Q: I have 54 Secret cards in the box, and the component list
says there should be 56. Is that an error? Graveyard Dragon Huntbook Scenario 3
A: Yes, it’s a printing error. There should be 54 Secret cards Q: The Environment setup instructs me to place 3 Landmark
in the box.
models in marked spaces, but there are no markings on the
Keeper Pretender rules visualisation. Where should those models be placed?
Q: The Rulebook and the Stat card of the Pretender Keeper A: This instruction should instead say: “place the Models on
the Map in the spaces with Treasure tokens.”
seem to contradict one another on when to resolve the Craving
effect? Which is correct? Graveyard Dragon Huntbook Scenario 5
A: The Stat card is correct. The Craving should be resolved Q: This scenario instructs me to use asize 3 Cemetery tile 3-5A,
after resolving the Attack card not before.
but it is already in use. What tile should be used here?
A: 5-3A

--- Page 2 ---
Convergence Huntbook Scenario 3 EXPANSIONS ERRATA
Q: This scenario instructs me to use a size 3 Forest tile 5-3B,
Forgotten Entities Event cards
but 5-3B is aSwamp tile. What tile should be used here?
Q: The “Self-interested Generosity” card instructs me to give
A: 5-2B
any number of Lament. Can it be 0?
Convergence Huntbook Scenario 4&5 A: No. It should be aminimum of 1.
Q: The text of the setup instructs me to spawn the Elite Enemy
Hunters Expansion component list
on a Lament Rift, but the picture suggests otherwise. Should
Q: The component list states that I should have 92 standard
I place the Elite Enemy model as instructed or as shown?
cards and 2 Custom cards. This doesn’t seem right. What is the
A: Place the Enemy model as instructed. The text is correct –
correct number of cards in this box?
the picture should not have contained the Elite Enemy model
A: There should be 4 custom cards (2 Deputy cards and 2 Pre-
placement position.
tender Stat cards) as well as 110 standard cards (20 Griefbound
Tormentor Huntbook Scenario 4 Attack, 2 Final Attack, 2 Opportunity, 8 Stage, 10 Deputy Evo-
Q: One of the Lament rifts in the setup is placed on a Deep lution, 56 Hunter Evolution, and 12 Hunter Items)
Water space. Is that correct?
Personal Stories
A: No. It is an error. The Lament Rift should be placed one
Q: When proceeding quests for some Hunters, Iunlock cards,
space to the right (on a Cemetery space).
but the names are different. What are the correct names for
each Hunter?
A: The Twins should unlock the Dripping Fang instead of
Dripping Dagger. The Mannequin should unlock the Cannon
Arm/Shield instead of Cannon Arm/Protect.
Chimera Attack cards
Q: The Attack card “Then, the eagle tears…” instructs me to
“teleport the closest Hunter”, but does not specify to where.
How do Iresolve this card?
A: The word “to” is missing in the effect. The effect should say
“teleport to the closest Hunter”.

