--- Page 1 ---
I welcome you, Hunters. I bow to your determination and hold your courage in the highest respect,
as in our never-ending war, each warrior is worth their weight in gold. Therefore, before you feel
strong enough to begin your crusade against the Lament-shaped monstrosities, take a moment
to make yourself familiar with the advice I have gathered for you.
And never forget it, because we do not want to lose any of you.
At least, not too soon.
Grimcoven is a difficult game. Here are some general tips that may help you make it less punishing:
1. Find a way to use all the dice each round.
Try not to pass with any remaining, unused dice. Dice are your actions, so do not waste them.
2. Plan before you act.
Ideally, think a few turns or maybe even a whole round ahead, if possible. Running headfirst into the fray without
any plan may often bring you nothing but death.
3. Talk to your fellow Hunters and coordinate your actions.
Inform them how much damage you can deal and which objectives you can and cannot achieve this round.
4. Assist one another.
You may have symbols that are better suited for someone else, and don’t hesitate to ask for dice.
5. Observe your Enemies.
Pay attention to what the Enemies are able to do or what their future actions may be. Most of them are harmless
if you keep your distance from them. For example, the Enemy that moves 2 and attacks in range 2 has an effective
range of 4. Keep that number in mind while positioning yourself.
6. The more Enemies there are on the Map, the easier it is to get swarmed!
Use some brutal force to simplify the equation! Getting rid of some of the Enemies gives you the room to breathe,
and makes it easier to plan around the remaining ones.
7. A Focused Griefbound is dangerous!
Watch out for FOCUSED effects of the Griefbound. Sometimes getting rid of them can save you from being
attacked or from some other nasty effects.
8. Your movement is limited.
Without Evolutions and Items, there are two movement Actions: Run and Sprint. If you use up both of them, you
will not be able to move again this round. Always have an escape plan before you engage!
9. Use Portals.
Portals are there to help you – the Enemies cannot use them. Use Portals as often as you can to leverage your
advantage and outrun your Enemies.
10. Enemies tend to attack in an area.
If the situation calls for it, split up so that not all the Hunters are hit by the same Attack. Health is limited, so if
you cannot outrun the Enemies, sacrifice one of the Hunters by putting them in the front. Ideally, choose the one
who has the most Health or Defense tokens.
11. Lead your Enemies astray.
Concentrating the Enemies at chokepoints and places where they are easier to deal with is helpful. If the Enemies
are grouped, and you have some area-of-effect attacks, you may hit many of them at the same time.
12. Use Obstacles and Fog to your advantage.
Many Enemy attacks require a specific Range and Line of Sight. Move out of their Range and break their Lines of
Sight to avoid attacks.
13. Use your Environment and explore it.
If you feel out of options, look at the Environment cards – it might be just the thing you need right now. Or, if you
can spare some time, explore and draw Secrets! They may hold many power-ups for you to use.

--- Page 2 ---
14. Not all Hunters are created equal.
Different Hunters have different complexity scores. If you feel overwhelmed, pick one who is easier to play. Find
the one who fits your style the best, and master them.
15. Customize your team and loadout.
Not every Hunter plays well against each Griefbound, and sometimes you will learn that the hard way.
Additionally, the effectiveness of different starting equipment may vary depending on the Map or the Enemies
you face.
16. Do not fear to gain a Critical Injury at strategic moments.
It allows you to discard all Statuses and Hunger. Besides, if you manage to complete the quest, it also Heals you.
Sometimes it is better to dive and bounce back than desperately keep yourself afloat.
17. Overconfidence is a fast and decisive killer.
Remember that Entering the Final Act ends the Hunters Phase! Try to trigger it in a way that doesn’t waste your
turns. If the Griefbound Enters the Final Act during the Hunters Phase, you will likely get caught out of position
and be killed horribly.
18. Corrupt. Yourself. Wisely.
It is not always advised to succumb to Lament and take the Corrupted form to hastily. Also, some Corruption
cards allow you to lose Corruption. Seek the spots on the Corruption track that, if you are lucky with Corruption
card effects, may allow you to Evolve many times!
19. Use Tactics tactically.
The Tactic token is a powerful tool. It not only allows you to reroll the dice, but also to stall for time! Remember
that it can be used either at any moment of the game or as an Action. If you use it as an Action, it may allow you
to coordinate a strike and buy you that one precious turn before you have to pass. Sometimes, it is even beneficial
to use it without rerolling any dice at all.
20. Sometimes you simply have to try again.
Do not hesitate to replay a Scenario many times, as learning the Enemies’ patterns is the first step to victory.
Also, if you are struggling, you may also use Easy mode options (Rulebook pg. 30). You may prefer a more casual
playthrough or an easier time learning the potential of a new Hunter or Griefbound.

